B32308 - P781

Section 2.06 Townhome Boundaries. The boundaries of each Townhome constructed on the Property shall be
as shown on the recorded plat or plats; provided, however, that the side boundary of each Townhome shall be a line
consistent with and along the center of all firewalls separating a Townhome from another Townhome. In the event of
any discrepancy between the boundaries of a Townhome, as described herein and the boundaries of such Townhome
when shown on the recorded Plats, the description of the boundaries of the Townhome set forth herein shall control.
All of the area within the boundaries of each of the Townhomes, as hereia described, shail for all purposes constitute
real property which may be owned in fee simple, subject to the terms, provisions, liens, charges, covenants, easements
and restrictions of this Declaration.

Section 2.07 Neighborhoods. The Declarant hereby establishes two (2) Neighborhoods within the Property. All
Townhome Lots which are designated as one (1) Neighborhood called the “Townhome Neighborhood,” and all
Temaining Lots are hereby designated as one (1) Neighborhood called the “Single-Family Detached Neighborhood.”
The Declarant, in its sole discretion, may establish additional Neighborhoods within the Property by amendment to
the Declaration and/or Plats in order to subject such Lots to additional covenants and restrictions or to benefit said
Lots differently from other Lots on the Property. During the Development Period, the Declarant may unilaterally
amend this Declaration and any plat from time to time to assign property to a specific Neighborhood, to redesignate
Neighborhood boundaries, or to remove property from a specific Neighborhood.

Following the Development Period, the Owner(s) of a majority of the total number of Lots within a
Neighborhood may at any time petition the Board of Directors to divide the property comprising their Neighbothood
into two (2) or more Neighborhoods. Such petition shall be in writing and shall include a survey of the entire parcel
which indicates the proposed boundaries of the new Neighborhoods or otherwise identifies the Lots to be included
within the proposed Neighborhoods. Such petition shall be deemed granted thirty (30) days following the filing of all
required documents with the Board unless the Board denies such application in writing within such thirty (30) day
period. The Board may deny any application only upon determination that there is no reasonable basis for
distinguishing between the areas proposed to be divided into separate Neighborhoods. The Owners requesting the
division shall be responsible for any expenses incurred with respect to implementing a division of a Neighborhood,
including but not limited to a revised plat, if the application is approved.

Any Neighborhood may, but shall not be required to, elect a Neighborhood committee to represent the
interests of the Owners in such Neighborhood. No Neighborhood commitiee shall be formed, however without the
ptior submission to and written approval of the Board of Directors.

Any Neighborhood may request that the Association provide a higher level of service or special services for
the benefit of Lots in such Neighborhood and upon written consent of a majority of Owners of the Lots within the
Neighborhood, the Association may, im its sole discretion, provide the requested services. The cost of such service,
which may include a reasonable administrative charge in such amount as the Board may deem appropriate (provided
such administrative charge shall apply at a uniform rate per Lot to all Neighborhoods receiving the same service),

shall be assessed against the Lots within such Neighborhood as a Neighborhood Assessment pursuant to ARTICLE
VI herein.

No action may be taken by a Neighborhood which is adverse to the interests of the Association or its Members
or that is inconsistent with the Community Wide Standards. If the Neighborhood fails to comply with such
requirements of the Association as specified by the Association in writing the Association may assess the Lots within
such Neighborhood for any expense incurred by the Association to correct the inconsistency or deficiency,

ARTICLE TT EASEMENTS OVER AND AGREEMENTS REGARDING THE PROPERTY

Section 3.01 Easements over Lots. The Lots shall be subject to, and Declarant does hereby grant, the following
non-exclusive perpetual and temporary easements for the enjoyment of Declarant, the Association, any Builders and
subcontractors authorized by Declarant, the Members, the Owners, and the successors-in-title of each:

(a) Easements Shown on Plats, Each Lot shall be Subject to all easements, borders, buffers and the like which
are shown and depicted on the Plats as affecting and burdening such Lot.

 
