(b)

(©)

(d)

(ec)

®

(g)

B32308 - P782

Entry. Each Lot shall be subject to an easement for the entry by the authorized agents and representatives of
the Association to go upon such Lot under such circumstances and for such purposes as are described
elsewhere in this Declaration

Encroachments and Overhangs. Each Lot shall have a three (3) foot easement as measured from any point
on the common boundary between such Lot and any adjoining Lot, or between such Lot and adjacent Areas
of Common Responsibility, for encroachments and overhangs due to the placement or settling of the
improvements constructed, reconstructed or altered thereon; unless such encroachment or overhang was due
to the willful act of an Owner or the Association.

 

Slope Control. Each Lot shall be subject to an easement for slope control purposes, including the right to
grade and plant slopes and prevent the doing of any activity that might interfere with slopes or which might
create erosion or sliding problems or which might change, obstruct or retard drainage flow.

Surface Water Drainage. Each Lot shall be subject to a perpetual easement in favor of the Association and
all other Lots for the drainage of surface waters over, under or across such Lot, including any runoff or
carryover of water from one Lot to another, provided that such cross Lot drainage condition was created by
Declarant or by a Builder authorized by Declarant.

Utilities. Each Lot shall be subject to a perpetual easement in favor of Declarant, the Association, and
authorized Builders and subcontractors, as well as any public utility company, water main, water services,
sewer services or cable company, for the erection, installation, construction and maintenance, repair and
replacement of wires, lines, conduits, pipes, and attachments both above and below ground or attached to any
building wall in connection with the transmission of electricity, gas, water, telephone, community antennae
or satellite dish, television cables and other utilities. The easement rights to which the Lots shall be subject
shall include the right of contractors engaged by the Association to enter upon said Lots from time to time as
necessary in order to perform repair and maintenance work.

Private Streets. All Lots shall be subject to a perpetual easement in favor of the Association and all other Lot
Owners for maintenance, management, repair, landscaping, and non-exclusive use and enjoyment, of the
private streets and drives which are located on the Property, as shown on the Plats, whether said streets and
drives are located in the Areas of Common Responsibility or are located on Lots. This easement right
includes the right of contractors engaged by the Association to enter upon the Lots from time to time as
necessary in order to perform such repair and maintenance work. The Owners of the Lots shall not impair
access to, or otherwise alter in any way, said street and drives. The Association shall also have the right, but
not the obligation, to cut, remove and plant trees, shrubbery and flowers along said streets and drives.

 

Section 3.02 Easements Over Association Property. All Areas of Common Responsibility shail be subject to,
and Declarant and the Association do hereby grant, the following easements:

(a)

(b)

Utility and Drainage. An easement across, in, under, over and through the Areas of Common Responsibility
for purposes of the construction, installation, repair, maintenance and use of all utility and drainage facilities
serving any portion of the Property. Any easement reserved pursuant to the provisions of this Section will
be located so as not to interfere unreasonably with the use of any Common Area and, to the extent practicable,
along the boundaries of the Common Area. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no utility -
easement may be installed under an existing structure or so close to a structure as to have a material adverse
effect on the structure. When the Declarant or Association requests that an easement arising under this
Section be relocated, agrees to bear the expense of relocating the easement, and when the easement can be
accomplished without diminishing the quality or quantity of utility service, without increasing the cost of
delivering that service and without an interruption in that service of more than eight (8) hours, then the Person
that benefits from the easement must agree to the requested relocation.

Declarant's Development Easement. An easement in favor of Declarant for the exclusive use of such portions
of the Areas of Common Responsibility as may be reasonably desirable, convenient or incidental to the
construction and installation of improvements on, and the sale of, any Lots, including, but not limited to,
sales and business offices, storage areas, construction yards and signs. Such easements may be exercised by
any and ali persons who the Declarant authorizes to exercise the same, including, without limitation, real
estate sales agents and brokers and Builders, and their subcontractors, of improvements upon the Lots,

6
