B32308 - P783

irrespective of whether such persons. are affiliated with the Deciarant. Such easements shall exist
notwithstanding any provision of this Declaration which might be construed to the contrary, but shall
terminate thirty (30) days after the date that all of the Lots are lmproved Lots. Such easements shall and do
exist without affecting the obligation of the Owner of any Lot to pay assessments or charges coming due
during such period of time as portions of the Areas of Common Responsibility shall be used by authorized
persons pursuant to the exercise of the easements herein stated.

(c) Declarant's Activity Easement. Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Declaration, the Bylaws,
the Articles of Incorporation, use restrictions, rules and regulations, or any amendments thereto, during the
Development Period, it shall be expressly permissible for Declarant to maintain and carry on, upon such
portion of the Property as Declarant may deem necessary, such facilities and activities as may reasonably be
required by the Declarant, including but without limitation, the right of access, ingress and egress for
vehicular and pedestrian traffic over, under, on or in the Property; the right to tie into any portion of the
Property with driveways, parking, areas and walkways; the right to tie into and/or maintain and repair any
device (without a tap-on or any other fee for doing so), replace, relocate, maintain, and repair any device
which provides utility or similar service including, without limitation, electrical, telephone, natural gas,
water, sewer and drainage lines and facilities constructed or installed in, on, under, or over the Property; the
right to carry on sales and promotional activities on the Property; and the right to construct and operate
business offices, signs, construction trailers, and model residences.

 

Section 3.03 Easements Over Townhome Lots. The Townhome Lots shall be subject to, and the Declarant does
hereby grant, in addition to the easements described above, the following non-exclusive perpetual and temporary
easements for the enjoyment of Declarant, the Association, any builders and subcontractors authorized by Declarant,
the Members, the Owners, and the successors-in-title of each:

(a) Townhome Maintenance. There is reserved for the benefit of each Townhome Lot a reciprocal appurtenant
easement between all adjacent Townhome Lots for the purpose of maintaining or repairing the improvements
located on each Townhome Lot, which easement shall extend to a distance of five (5) feet as measured from
any point on the common boundary between the Townhome Lots. This easement shall be used only for such
period of time as is reasonably necessary in order to complete the maintenance or repair. The Owner
exercising this easement right shall be liable for the prompt repair of any damage to the Townhome Lots over
which this easement is exercised which arises out of such maintenance or repair work. In addition, each
Townhome Lot shall be subject to a perpetual easement in favor of the Association and its contractors for the
maintenance of the Townhomes and of the landscaping and other features located on the Townhome Lots.

(b) Maintenance. Each Townhome Lot shail be subject to a perpetual easement ia favor of the Association and
its contractors for the maintenance of the Lots as provided for in the Article VII herein.

({c) Townhome Lot Construction and Boundary Line Improvements. Each Townhome Lot shall be subject to a
temporary construction easement in favor of the Declarant, authorized builders and subcontractors, and
adjoining Lot Owners for the construction of any Lot, including, but not limited to, installation of boundary
line improvements such as fences, walls and hedges. Any boundary line improvement made by an adjoining
Lot Owner shall first be approved by Declarant or the Association prior to installation.

 

Notwithstanding any provisions or restrictions contained in this Declaration to the contrary, each Builder and
its agents, employees, successors, and assigns, is permitted to maintain and carry on any Lot owned by such Builder
such facilities and activities as may be reasonably required, convenient, or incidental to the development, construction,
completion, improvement, and sale of the Builder’s Lot(s), including, without limitation, the installation and operation
of development, sales and construction trailers and offices, signs and models upon any Lot(s) owned by the Builder.
The rights under this Section 3.02 to maintain and carry on such facilities and activities will include specifically the
Tight to use a Lot as a model and as offices for the sale or lease of Lots and for related activities.

ARTICLETV THE ASSOCIATION

Section 4.01 The Association. Prior to the date this Declaration has been recorded with the Register of Deeds,
Declarant has caused the Association to be formed, and the Association does now exist, under its Articles of
