B32308 - P791

 

(e) Extingmishment of Inferior Liens. Foreclosure of the Association’s continuing lien for assessments
terminates, extinguishes and forever discharges all inferior or subordinate liens and encumbrances (being all
Jiens and encumbrances except as provided by Section 6.10) as to the affected Lot. The foregoing applies to
judicial and non-judicial foreclosure of the Association’s continuing lien for assessments regardless of
whether or not the holder of the inferior or subordinate lien or encumbrance is made a party to or given notice
of any proceedings in connection therewith, including without limitation to the fullest extent permitted by

law whether or not made a party to or given notice of any judicial foreclosure suit and any other proceedings
in connection therewith.

Section 6.09 Effect of Foreclosure or Bankruptcy. The effect of judicial or non-judicial foreclosure of a lien
which is superior to the Association’s continuing assessment lien under this Declaration, or acceptance of a deed in
lieu thereof, and the effect of the discharge of an Owner in bankruptcy is determined as of the date of foreclosure, the
date of signing of a deed in lieu which is accepted by the grantee or the date of filing of the bankruptcy in which the
Owner is discharged, as the case may be (the “Discharge Date”), Foreclosure or acceptance of a deed in lieu as
aforesaid does not relieve the former Owner from the personal obligation for payment of assessments due as of the
Discharge Date, but does release the Association’s continuing assessment lien as to and only as to assessments due
prior to the Discharge Date. The purchaser at foreclosure or grantee under a deed in lieu and an Owner discharged in
bankruptcy is also relieved from any obligation for payment of assessments due prior to the Discharge Date, but is
obligated to pay all assessments assessed or assessable from and after the Discharge Date and the Association’s
continuing assessment lien fully secures payment of said assessments. For purposes of the foregoing “assessments
assessed or assessable” means (i) prorated regular annual assessments based on the number of months remaining in
the calendar year in which the Discharge Date occurs regardless of whether the applicable regular annual assessment
is payable in advance annually, semi-annually or quarterly, and (ii) any instailments for special assessments so payable
which become due after the Discharge Date.

 

Section 6.10 Revival of Assessment Lien. The Association’s assessment lien is automatically revived as to any
Owner who reacquires ownership of the applicable Lot within two (2) years after the Discharge Date (as defined in
the immediately preceding Section) to the same effect as if none of the events causing the Discharge Date to occur
had occurred if ownership is reacquired from the purchaser at foreclosure, the prantee under the deed in lieu of
foreclosure, or any successor in title to such purchaser or grantee and the reacquisition of ownership constitutes a

fraudulent transfer under Chapter 39 of the North Carolina General Statutes or under any other state or federal statutes
or laws.

Section 6.11 No Merger. The Association’s assessment lien is not, by merger or otherwise, extinguished or
otherwise effected by acquisition of ownership of a Lot at any time and in any manner by the Association except as
otherwise expressly agreed in writing by the Association.

 

Section 6.12 Assessments as Independent Covenant. The obligation to pay assessments is 4 separate and
independent covenant and contractual obligation on the part of each Owner. No off-set, credit, waiver, diminution, ot
abatement may be claimed by any Owner to avoid or diminish the obligation for payment of assessments for any
reason, including, by way of illustration but not limitation, (i) by nonuse of any Area of Common Responsibility or
abandonment of a Lot, (ii) by reason of any alleged actions or failure to act by Declarant, the Association, the Board,
the ARC, or any of their related parties, whether or not required under this Declaration, (iii) for inconvenience or
discomfort arising from the making of repairs or improvements which may be or are the responsibility of Declarant,
the Association, the Board, the ARC, or any of their related parties, or (iv) by reason of any action taken by Declarant,
the Association, the Board of Directors, the ARC, or any of their related parties, to comply with any law, ordinance,

or any ordet or directive of any governmental authority, or pursuant to any judgment or order of a court of competent
jurisdiction.

Section 6.13 Assessment Collection Policies. The Association will adopt assessment collection policies
consistent with this Declaration and in accordance with the Code. The initial Association Assessment Collection
Policy will be adopted by Declarant. Declarant during the Development Period and the Board at any tirne may from
time to time adopt and amend such other assessment collection policies as either may deed to be necessary or

appropriate, including with regard to or conceming the Association Assessment Collection Policy as initially adopted
by Declarant.

 

Section 6.14 Declarant Authority and Exemption as to Assessments. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER

 

15
