B32308 - P792

PROVISIONS HEREOF, ALL PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN THIS DECLARATION REGARDING
DECLARANT’S AUTHORITY AND EXEMPTIONS AS TO ASSESSMENTS APPLY.

Section 6.15 Budget Deficits During Development Period. Declarant may advance funds to the Association
sufficient to satisfy the deficit, if any, in any fiscal year between the actual operating expenses of the Association
(exclusive of any allocation for capital reserves) and the annual and special assessments for such fiscal year. Such
advances shall be evidenced by promissory notes from the Association in favor of Declarant and shall be paid back to
Declarant if and to the extent that sufficient funds are generated by assessments in future years until such time as
Declarant no longer has the authority to appoint the directors and officers of the Association. Declarant may, but is
not obligated to, forgive any promissory notes from the Association made pursuant to this Section 6.15.

Section 6.16 Failure to Assess. The failure of the Board to fix the assessment amounts or to deliver to each
Owner the assessment notice shali not be deemed a waiver, modification er release of any Owner of the obligation to
pay assessments. In such event, each Owner shall continue to pay assessments on the same basis as for the last year
for which an assessment was made until a new assessment is made, at which time any shortfalls in collections may be
assessed retroactively by the Association.

ARTICLE VIZ MAINTENANCE OF LOTS

Section 7.01 Association’s Maintenance Responsibility. Except as may be specifically provided otherwise
below, the Association shall maintain the Areas of Common Responsibility for both Neighborhoods, including: (a)
any landscaping and Yard Improvements (as defined further below); (b) storm water drainage facilities located on and
serving the Lots; (c) private streets, (d) privately owned utility lines; (e) perimeter fencing; (f) brick retaining walls
located on Areas of Common Responsibility or perimeter; (h) mail kiosks or centers; (i) repair and replacement of
asphalt shingles for the Townhome Neighborhood. In the event that the Association determines that any maintenance
which is the responsibility of the Association hereunder is caused through the willful or negligent act of an Owner, or
the occupant, family, guest, invitee or lessee of an Owner, then the Association may perform such maintenance and
all costs thereof may be assessed to the Owner as a specific assessment. The Association may be relieved of all or
any portion of its maintenance responsibilities to the extent that such property is dedicated to any local, state or federal
government or quasi-governmental entity and said entity accepts the responsibility for maintenance. In the event of
any such assumption, assignment or dedication, however, the Association may reserve or assume the right or

obligation to continue to perform all or any portion of its maintenance responsibilities, if the Board determines that
such maintenance is desirable or necessary, ,

 

The Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may leave portions of the Property as undisturbed natural areas
and may change the landscaping on an Area of Common Responsibility at any time and from time to time, including
. the adding or modifying of landscaping improvements, such as the pianting of seasonal flowers.

Sanitary sewer and water may be provided to the Lots through a single connection to municipal services, a
master meter, and distribution and collection lines maintamed by the Association between municipal lines as
individual Lots. Costs incurred by the Association arising out of, or related to, municipal use or similar charges, the
maintenance, repair, or replacement of, distribution or collection lines and all related matters shall be included as part
of the Annual Expenses. The Association may promulgate reasonable rules and regulations regarding the consumption
and use of such utilities, The Association shall have the right to install individual meters on each of the Lots and bill
each Lot respectively.

The Association shall further have the right, but not the obligation, to maintain and keep in good repair the
Stoop, Driveway, Deck, Patio Area and other exterior portions and exterior lighting appurtenant to each Townhome,

or any portion or portions thereof as the Board of Directors may determine at any time and from time to time in its
sole discretion

The Association shall be responsible for maintaining the grass, plants, shrubs, trees, and landscaping installed
by the Declarant or the Association on the Lots (hereinafter the “Yard Improvements”). The Association also may
maintain any Yard Improvements that are installed by an Owner with prior written approval and consent of the
Association (but only to the extent that such consent specifically provides that the Association will maintain such
added landscaping), provided, however, that: (i) if an Owner installs a fence on their Lot, the Association shall have

16
