B32308 - P798

the Association.

Section 9.02 ~ Individual Insurance. Each Owner, by virtue of taking title to a Lot subject to this Declaration,
acknowledges that the Association has no obligation to provide any insurance for any portion of individual Lots. Each
Owner covenants and agrees with all other Owners and with the Association that each Owner will maintain at ail times
all-risk casualty insurance as well as a liability policy covering damage or injury occurring on a Lot. The casualty
insurance shall cover loss or damage by fire and other hazards commonly insured under an all-risk policy, ifreasonably
available, and shall be in an amount sufficient to cover the full replacement cost of any repair or reconstruction of a
covered item in the event of damage or destruction from any such hazard,

The Board has the right, but not the obligation, to require the Owner to furnish a copy of such
insurance policy or policies to the Association. In the event that any such Owner fails to obtain insurance as required
by this Section, the Association has the right, but not the obligation, to purchase such insurance on behalf of the Owner
and to assess the cost thereof to the Owner, to be collected in the manner provided for collection of assessments herein.

Upon request by the Board, the Owner shall furnish a copy of such insurance policy or policies to
the Association.

Section 9.03 Additional Insurance Requirements.

 

The Board of Directors shall utilize reasonable efforts to include the following provisions in the
policies that the Association obtains:

(a) waiver of the insurer's rights of subrogation of any claims against directors, officers, the managing agent, the
individual Owners, occupants, and their respective household members;

(b) an agreed value endorsement and an inflation guard endorsement; and

(c) until the expiration of thirty (30) days after the insurer gives notice in writing to the Mortgagee of any Lot,
the Mortgagee’s insurance coverage will not be affected or jeopardized by any act or conduct of the Owner
of such Lot, the other Owners, the Board of Directors, or any of their agents, employees, or household
tmembers, nor be canceled for nonpayment of premiums.

All policies of insurance shall be written with a company licensed to do business in the State of
North Carolina, Exclusive authority to adjust losses under policies obtained by the Association shall be vested in the
Association’s Board of Directors; provided, however, no Mortgagee having an interest in such losses may be
prohibited from participating in the settlement negotiations, if any, related thereto.

Nothing contained herein gives any Owner or other party a priority over the rights of first
Mortgagees as to distribution of insurance proceeds. Any insurance proceeds payable to the Owner of a Lot on which
there is a Mortgagee endorsement shall be disbursed jointly to such Lot Owner and the Mortgagee. This is a covenant
for the benefit of any such Mortgagee and may be enforced by any such Mortgagee. In the event of an insured loss,
any required deductible shall be considered a maintenance expense to be paid by the person or persons who would be
tesponsible for such loss in the absence of insurance. If the loss affects more than one Lot, the cost of the deductible
may be apportioned equitably by the Board among the parties suffering loss in proportion to each affected Owner’s
portion of the total cost of repair. Notwithstanding this, if the insurance policy provides that the deductible will apply
to each Lot separately or to each occurrence, each Lot Owner shall be responsibie for paying the deductible pertaining
to his or her Lot, if any. If any Owner or Owners fail to pay the deductible when required under this subparagraph,
then the Association may pay the deductible and assess the cost to the Owner or Owners pursuant 10 the terms of this
Declaration. .

Additionally, the Association shall obtain such msurance coverage as is necessary to satisfy the
requirements of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Federal National Mortgage Association, the U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs, and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, if and to the extent
applicable to the Property.

22 |
