B32308 - P801

Each Owner who keeps an animal on the Property agrees to indemnify and hold the Association and
its directors, officers and agents harmless from any loss, claim or liability of any kind whatsoever arising by reason
of such animal.

 

Section 11.06 Antennae; Aerials; Satellite Dishes. No transmission antenna of any kind may be erected anywhere
on a Lot without the prior written consent of the ARC. No direct broadcast satellite (“DBS”) antenna or multi-channel
multi-point distribution service (“MMDS”) antenna larger than one (1) meter in diameter may be placed, allowed or
maintained upon any Lot. A DBS or MMDS antenna one (1) meter or less in diameter or television broadcast service
antenna may only be installed in accordance with Federal Communication Commussion (“FCC”) rules and the rules
and regulations of the Association as authorized by the FCC, as both may be amended from time to time. HAM radios,
two way radios and other hobby or professional radio communication transmission equipment are prohibited.

Declarant or the Association shall have the right, without obligation, to erect an aerial, satellite dish, or

other apparatus of any size for a master antenna, cable, or other communication system for the benefit of all or a
portion of the Property.

Section 11.07 Lighting. Exterior lighting visible from the street shail not be permitted except for: (1) approved
lighting as originally installed on a Lot; (2) one approved decorative post light; (3) pathway lighting; (4) street lights
in conformity with an established street lighting program for the Property; (5) seasonal decorative lights; or (6) front
house illumination of model homes,

Section 11.08 Mailboxes. No change or addition, other than by the Board of Directors, shall be made to the design,
materials, or location of the original kiosk installed by Declarant. Unless specifically approved by the ARC no
mailbox, paper box, or delivery receptacle may be placed on any Lot.

Section 11.09 Signs. No sign of any kind or character shall be erected on any portion of any Lot, or displayed to
the public on any portion of any Lot, without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors, except for customary
name and address signs, one customary “for sale” sign advertising a Lot for sale and any sign required by legal
proceedings. The restriction herein stated shall include the prohibition of placement of any sign within a building
located on any Lot in a location from which the same shall be visible from the outside and the placement of any sign
in or upon any motor vehicle,

Section 11.10 Trash Containers and Collection. No garbage or trash shall be placed or kept on the Property except
in covered containers of a type, size and style which are approved by the Board of Directors or as required by the
applicable governing jurisdiction, and subject to rules promulgated by the Association. No person shal] burn rubbish,
garbage or any other form of solid waste on any Lot or on Areas of Common Responsibility or within the right of way
of any street within the Property. The Association may contract with a waste disposal service for disposal of household
waste generated by members on the Property and may promulgate rules related to garbage.

Section 11.11 Vehicles and Parking. The term “vehicles” as used in this Section shall include without limitation
automobiles, trucks, boats, trailers, motorcycles, campers, vans, and recreational vehicles. No vehicle may be left
upon any portion of the Property except upon a driveway, a designated parking space or within a garage. With the
exception of emergency vehicle repairs or commercial vehicles which are temporarily parked for the purpose of
servicing a Lot or the Property, no person shall park any commercial vehicles, recreational vehicles, mobile homes,
trailers, campers, boats or other watercraft, or other oversized vehicles, stored vehicles or unlicensed or inoperable
vehicles within the Property except within a garage.

All Owner and occupant vehicles must be kept and stored when not in use within the Lot’s parage
space or driveway. Garage doors must remain closed at all times except for entry and exit by vehicles and except for
periods not to exceed two consecutive hours for homeowner related maintenance activities, No conversion of garage
space to living space shall be permitted.

The Association may promulgate and enforce additional rules and restrictions regarding vehicles
and parking privileges on the Lots and Areas of Common Responsibility.

Section 11.12 Window Air-Conditioners. No air-conditioner shall be installed in any window of any building
located on any Lot, nor shall any air-conditioner be installed on any building located on any Lot so that the same

25
