B32308 - P803

Section 11.20 Flags. Except for the proper and respectful display of the flag of the United States of America or
the State of North Carolina in compliance with applicable law and of a size no greater than four (4) feet wide by six
(6) feet long, no Owner may erect or install a flagpole or decorative banner on any portion of a Lot, including

freestanding detached flagpoles or banners, and those that are attached to a Lot, without the prior written approval of
the ARC.

Section 11.21 Traffic Sight Line Areas. No fence, wall, hedge, tree, shrub planting or any other thing or device
which obstructs sight lines at elevations between two and eight feet (2' & &') above a street is permitted: (i) on any
comer Lot within the triangular area formed by the two (2) boundary lines thereof abutting the corer streets and a
line connecting them at points twenty-five feet (25’) from their intersection, or (ii) on any Lot within the triangular
area formed by the boundary line abutting a street, the edge line of any driveway pavement and a line connecting them
at points ten feet (10') from their intersection, Notwithstanding the foregoing, wrought-iron fencing which incorporates
vertical bars spaced not less than four inches apart (measured from center to center of each bar) may be placed within
either of the aforesaid sight-line areas. The foregoing also does not prohibit construction of any residence or garage
at any location permitted by this Declaration, the Plats or applicable governmental regulations even if the residence
or garage encroaches upon either of the aforesaid sight line areas.

Section 11.22 Artificial Vegetation, Exterior Sculptures and Similar Items. Unless otherwise approved by
Declarant or the ARC, artificial vegetation or other artificial landscaping, exterior sculpture, fountains, flags,
birdhouses, birdbaths and other decorative embellishments or similar items are prohibited at any location upon a Lot
which is visible from any street or at ground level from another Lot.

 

Section 11.23 Pollutants, Hazardous Materials. Without limitation of any other provisions of this Section, no
Owner or tenant, and related parties of either, may dump grass clippings, leaves or other debris, detergents, petroleum
products, fertilizers, or other pollutants or potentially hazardous or toxic substances, in any sewer system, water
system, drainage ditch, stream, pond or lake within the Property, or do anything, or maintain or permit any condition
in violation of applicable environmental, toxic or hazardous waste or similar laws, rules or regulations. Storage of
gasoline, heating or other fuels, or of any hazardous or toxic materials upon any Lot is strictly prohibited (except that
up to five gallons of fuel may be stored upon a Lot for emergency purposes and operation of lawn mowers and similar
tools or equipment if properly kept and stored in a safe and non-hazardous manner}. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT
PLACE UPON DECLARANT, THE ASSOCIATION, THE ARC OR ANY OF THEIR RELATED PARTIES ANY
OBLIGATION FOR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY APPLICABLE ENVIRONMENTAL, TOXIC, OR HAZARDOUS
WASTE OR SIMILAR LAWS, RULES, OR REGULATIONS.

 

Section 11.24  Owner’s Liability for Payment of Association Costs. Rach Owner, tenant, and their related parties,
are expressly prohibited from doing anything which could or does (i) increase the Association’s costs of insurance or
‘result in cancellation or diminution in insurance coverage, (ii) cause damage to any Area of Common Responsibility,
including any facilities thereon, or (iii) increase costs of maintenance, repair, replacement, management, operation or
discharge of any other obligations of the Association regarding the Area of Common Responsibility, including any
facilities thereon, or any other areas maintained by the Association. Regardless of availability of insurance coverage,
the Association may charge to each responsible Owner, as a special assessment, all increased costs and all other

damages resulting, directly or indirectly, from the acts or omissions of an Owner, tenants, or their related parties, in
violation of the foregoing provisions.

ARTICLE XII AMENDMENT

Until the termination of the Development Period, the Declaration may be amended only by Declarant, who
may unilaterally amend this Declaration for any purpose. Thereafter, Declarant or the Board may unilaterally amend
this Declaration if such amendment is necessary to: (a) bring any provision hereof into compliance with any applicable
governmental statute, rules or regulation or judicial determination which shall be in conflict therewith, (b) enable any
reputable title insurance company to issue tifle insurance coverage with respect to the Lots, (c) enable an institutional
or governmental lender, purchaser, insurer or guarantor of mortgage loans (such as the Federal National Mortgage
Association or Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation) to make, purchase, insure or guarantee mortgage loans on
the Lots, (d) an amendment is necessary to enable any governmental agency or private insurance company, including
but not limited to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and the U.S. Department of Veterans
Affairs, to insure or guarantee mortgage loans on the Lots. However, any such amendment shall not adversely affect

27
