B32308 - P804

the title to any Owner’s Lot unless such Lot Owner shall consent thereto in writing, or (¢) an amendment related to
the merger of the Association into some other owner’s association. After the termination of the Development Period,
except for items (a) through (e) above, this Declaration may be amended only upon the affirmative vote or written
consent, or any combination thereof, of two-thirds (2/3) of the Lot Owners.

Any amendment shall become effective upon the recording with the Register of Deeds of the instrument
evidencing such change unless a later effective date is specified therein. If an Owner consents to an amendment to
this Declaration or the Bylaws, it will be conclusively presumed that such Owner has the authority to consent, and no
contrary provision in any Mortgage or contract between the Owner and a third party wiil affect the validity of such
amendment. Any challenge to an amendment must be made within six months of the recording of the amendment or
such amendment shall be presumed to have been validly adopted and to be valid,

Every Owner, by taking record title to a Lot, and each holder of a mortgage upon any portion of any Lot, by
acceptance of such mortgage, hereby agrees that the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Declaration,
may be amended as provided herein.

ARTICLE XHI NON-ARBITRAL PROCEEDINGS.

Except as otherwise limited by this Article XIII, enforcement of these covenants and restrictions pertaining
to: (a) actions brought by the Association against Owners (excluding Declarant or any Builder) to enforce the
provisions of this Declaration (including the foreclosure of liens); (b) the collections of assessments; (c) proceeding
involving challenges to ad valorem taxation; or (d) counterclaims brought by the Association in proceedings instituted
against it ((a)-(d) hereinafter collectively “Non-Arbitral Proceedings”); may be by any proceeding at law or in equity
against any Person or Persons violating or attempting to violate any covenant or restriction, either to restrain violation
or to recover damages, and against the Lots, to enforce any liens created by this Declaration.

ARTICLE XIV ARBITRAL PROCEEDINGS.

Any dispute other than the Non-Arbitral Proceedings described in ARTICLE XIII above, arising out of or
related, in whole or in part to this Declaration, or the Property, or any portion thereof or improvement thereon,

including any claim involving the Declarant or Builder (“Arbitral Proceedings”), shall be resolved in accordance with
the procedures described below.

Section 14.01 Negotiation. Before any other action is taken on an Arbitral Proceeding, the parties thereto shall
attempt to resolve the dispute through negotiation and the following procedures.

(a) Alleged Construction Defects. No Person shall retain an expert for the purpose of inspecting the design or
construction of any structures or improvements within the Property in connection with or in anticipation of
any potential or pending claim, demand, or litigation involving such design or construction unless Deciarant,
any Builder, architect, engineer, or landscape professional involved in the design or construction have been
first notified in writing and given the opportunity to meet with the Person contemplating the engagement of
an expert (the “Claimant”), to conduct an inspection, and to repair deficiencies, if any, identified by the
Declarant, Builder, architect, engineer, or landscape professional {the “Respondent”). If after providing such
opportunity to the Respondent the Claimant elects to retain an expert, the Claimant shall thereafter deliver to
the Respondent written notice that includes, at a minimum, (a) a description of the alleged defect; (b) a
certification from an architect or engineer licensed in the State of North Carolina that such alleged defect
exists along with a description of the scope of work necessary to cure such alleged defect and a regurne of
such architect or engineer; and (c) the cost to cure such alleged defect as estimated by the architect or
engineer. After delivering the notice required by the preceding sentence the Claimant shall afford the
Respondent a reasonable opportunity to cure the alleged defect before initiating any proceedings pursuant to
this Section 14.01(a).

(b) All other Arbitral Disputes. In all Arbitral Disputes other than construction defect claims which are addressed

28
