B32308 - P777

1

DECLARATION OF
COVENANTS, RESTRICTIONS AND EASEMENTS
FOR SOUTHRIDGE HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION OF CHARLOTTE
MECKLENBURG COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA

THIS DECLARATION OF COVENANTS, RESTRICTIONS AND EASEMENTS is made by Weekley
Homes, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Declarant”).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Declarant is the owner, or has the consent of the owner, of all that tract or parcel of land lying
and being in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, as shown on the legal description attached hereto as Exhibit “A”,
incorporated herein (the “Property”); and

WHEREAS, Declarant intends to impose on the Property mutually beneficial restrictions under a general
plan of improvement for the benefit of the owners of each portion of the Property and to establish a procedure for the
overall development, administration, maintenance and preservation of the Property; and

WHEREAS, in furtherance of such plan, it is desirable to create Southridge Homeowners Association of
Charlotte, Inc. to own, operate, maintain and/or manage, as applicable, the Area of Common Responsibility (as defined
below) and to administer and enforce the covenants and restrictions and design puidelines imposed hereby; and

WHEREAS, it is intended that every owner of any of the Lots automatically, and by reason of such ownership
in this Declaration, become a Member of the Association and be subject to its rules and regulations and the assessments
and charges made by the Association;

NOW THEREFORE, Declarant does hereby submit the Property to the provisions of this Declaration. This
document establishes a mandatory membership homeowners association pursuant to the provisions of the North
Carolina Planned Community Act, N.C. Gen. Stat. §§ 47F-1-101, et seq.

ARTICLE] DEFINITIONS

As used in this Declaration, the following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this Article,
such definitions being cumulative of those set forth in the recitals and elsewhere in this Declaration.

“Additional Property” shall mean any and all real property lying and being within five (5) miles of the
Property.

“Annual Assessment” shall have the meaning specified in ARTICLE VI entitled “ASSESSMENTS”, and
shall constitute the assessments which, pursuant to the provisions of such Section, shall be levied by the Association

against the Lots each year for the purpose of raising the funds necessary to-pay the “Annual Expenses” (as that term
is defined in such Section).

“Areas of Common Responsibility” shall mean the areas which by the terms of this Declaration or by contract
or agreement with any other Person become the responsibility of the Association.

“Areas of Limited Common Responsibility" shall mean those portions of the Areas of Common
Responsibility primarily benefiting one or more, but less than all, Neighborhoods or Lots, and which are designated
as such by the Association, or, if during the Development Period, the Declarant, as more particularly described in
Section 5.02 herein. :
