B32308 - P778

“Articles of Incorporation” shall mean the Articles of Incorporation of the Association, as the same may be
amended from time to time.

“Association” shall mean Southridge Homeowners Association of Charlotte, Inc., a North Carolina non-
profit corporation.

“Benefited Neighbor” shall mean that a Lot Owner who enjoys easement rights for a Courtyard Area as is
further defined below.

“Board of Directors” or the “Board? shall mean the body responsible for the administration of the
Association, as provided im the Bylaws. ,

“Bylaws” shall mean the Bylaws of the Association, as the same may be amended from time to time.

“Builder” shail mean any Person who purchases one ot more Lots from the Declarant for the purpose of
constructing improvements for later sale to consumers or who purchases lots from others for such purpose and is
designated as “Builder” by Declarant. Any Person occupying or leasing a Lot for residential purposes shall cease to
be considered a Builder with respect to such Lot immediately upon occupancy of the Lot for residential purposes,
notwithstanding that such Person originally purchased the Lot for the purpose of constructing improvements for later
sale to consumers. A Builder leasing from an individual purchaser a completed Lot for use as a model or sales office
pursuant to this Declaration shall be permitted and shall not result in a violation of the residential use restriction of
Section 11.01 by the Owner-lessor and the required occupancy for residential purposes.

“City” shall mean and refer to the City of Charlotte, North Carolina, a municipal corporation.

“Community Wide Standards” shall mean the standard of conduct, maintenance or other activity generally
prevailing throughout the Property. Such standard shall initially be established by the Declarant and may be more
specifically determined by the Board of Directors or the Architectural Review Committee.

“Courtyard Avea” shail mean the fenced yard area adjoining and accessed through a Lot Owner's home, the
boundaries of which shall be established only by the Declarant or an authorized Builder and may’ not be changed
thereafter without the mutual consent of both affected Lot Owners.

"Deck" shall mean the wooden deck, if any, that is constructed as part of the original construction of each
Improved Townhome Lot.

“Declarant” shall mean Weekley Homes, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and shall include any
successor or assign who shall acquire any portion of the Property for the purpose of development and/or sale and who
is designated as Declarant by the immediately preceding Declarant if such successor or assign: (a) acquires all of the
then remaining undeveloped or developed but previously unoccupied or unsold Lots within the Properties from
Declarant for purposes of development and resale, or (b) is expressly designated in writing by Declarant as successor

or assign of Declarant hereunder, in whole or in part, provided, however, that there shall be only one “Declarant”
hereunder at any one time.

“Declaration” shall mean this Declaration of Covenants, Restrictions and Easements, as the same may be
hereafier amended in accordance with the terms hereof.

“Development Period” shall mean the longer of (a) the period of time during which Declarant or Builder
owns any property that is subject to this Declaration or (b) the period of time during which Declarant has the unilateral
right to subject Additional Property to this Declaration pursuant to ARTICLE IL. Declarant may, but shall not be
obligated to, unilaterally relinquish its rights under this Declaration and terminate the Development Period by
recording a written instrument with the Register of Deeds.

“Dwelling” shall mean and refer to any building or portion thereof within the Properties which is used or
occupied, or intended for use or occupancy, as a residence by an individual or by one family unit, whether by the
Owner thereof or by tenants or lessees of the Owner, and specifically inchading detached dwellings located on separate’
