B32308 - P779

Lots. A detached Dwelling shall be deemed to constitute a Dwelling upon issuance of a certificate of occupancy
therefor.

"Easement Provider" shall mean a Lot Owner whose yard is encumbered by a portion of a Benefited
Neighbor's Courtyard Area.

“Improved Lot” shall mean a-Lot (i) upon which there is located a structure for which a certificate of

occupancy has been issued by the applicable government authority, and (33) which has been sold to a Person who is
not Declarant.

“Lo?” shall mean each portion of the Property which may be independently owned and conveyed and which

is intended for development, use, and occupancy for a single family, and includes Townhome Lots and Single Family
Detached Lots.

“Member” shall mean a Person subject to membership in the Association pursuant te ARTICLE IV entitled
“The Association”.

“Mortgage” shall mean a deed or other document by means of which title to any Lot is conveyed or
encumbered to secure a debt. The term “Mortgagee” shall refer to a beneficiary or holder of a Mortgage.

“Neighborhood” shall mean a group of Lots designated as a separate Neighborhood pursuant to Article IJ
for purposes of sharing one or more Areas of Limited Common Responsibility and/or receiving other benefits or
services from the Association which may be common to those Lots and not provided to all Lots. A Neighborhood
may be comprised of more than one housing type and may include noncontiguous parcels of property. Neighborhood
boundaries may be established and modified as provided in Article II hereof.

“Neighborhood Assessments” shall mean assessments levied against Lots in a particular Neighborhood to
fund Neighborhood expenses, as described in Article VI.

“Owner” shall mean any Person who is a record owner by purchase, transfer, assignment or foreclosure of a
fee or undivided fee interest in a Lot; provided, however, that any Person who holds such interest merely as security
for the performance of an obligation shall not be an Owner.

“Patio Area” shall mean the poured concrete area extending from the rear of the Townhomes as part of the
original construction of each such Improved Townhome Lot.

“Person” shall mean a natural person, corporation, trust, partnership or any other legal entity,

“Plats” shall mean all plats for any portion of the Property, and any amendments to such Plats, which are
hereafter recorded in the Register of Deeds’ plat book records, and shall also include any Plats, or amendments thereto
recorded for the purpose of subjecting any of the Additional Property to this Declaration.

“Property” shall have the meaning ascribed to it hereinabove.

“Register of Deeds” shall mean the Register of Deeds for the County where the property is located.

“Security Services” shall mean those activities, devices, or services intended to, or which may have the
effect of, enhancing safety or security, including activities, devices, or services limiting or controlling access, or

providing of patrol] services or otherwise monitor activities within the Property.

“Single Family Detached Lot” shall mean any Lot which is intended for development, use, and occupancy

as a single-family detached residence, as shown on the Plat, but is distinguished from the Townhome Lots which are
attached.

“Stoop” shall mean the front stoop that is constructed as part of the original construction of each Improved
Townhome.
