B32308 - P784

Incorporation and Bylaws.

The Association is and shall be responsible for the maintenance of the Area of Common Responsibility, the
enforcement of the covenants and restrictions set forth in this Declaration, aud the performance of such other duties
and services as are required of the Association hereunder or as the Board of Directors shall deem to be in the best
interests of the Members of the Association.

Section 4.02 Membership. Every Owner is and shall.be a Member of the Association. In no event shall such
membership be severed from the Ownership of such Lot.

Section 4.03 Classes of Membership; Voting Rights. The Association shall have two classes of voting
membership: Class A and Class B.

 

(a) Class A. The Class A Members shall be all those Persons holding an interest required for membership in the
Association, as specified in this Section 4.03, except for those Persons who are Class B Mernbets. Until such
time as the Class A Members shall be entitled to full voting privileges, as hereinafter specified, the Class A

membership shall be a non-voting membership except as to such matters and in such events as are hereinafter
specified.

The Class A Members shall be entitled to full voting privileges on the earlier of the following dates to occur:
(i) the date which the Declarant may so designate by notice in writing delivered to the Association, ot (ii) the
termination of the Development Period (or such lesser percentage as may be required by HUD). Uniil the
earliest of these dates occurs, the Class A Members shail be entitled to vote only on matters for which it is
herein specifically provided, or for which it is provided by law, that approval of each and every class of
membership of the Association is required. When entitled to vote, Class A Members shall be entitled to cast
one (1) vote for each Lot in which they hold an interest required for membership.

(b) Class B. Declarant shall be the only Class B Member. Class B membership shall be a full voting membership
and, during its existence, the Class B Member shall be entitled to vote on all matters and in all events, At
such time as the Class A Members shall be entitled to full voting privileges, as provided in Paragraphi (a)
hereof, the Class B membership shal] automatically terminate and cease to exist, and the Class B Member
shall be and become a Class A Member insofar as it may then hold any interest required for membership.

 

From and after the date at which the Class B membership automatically terminates and ceases to exist, such
membership shall not be renewed or reinstated.

Section 4.04 Suspension of Membership Rights. The membership rights of any Member of the Association,
including the right to vote, may be suspended by the Board of Directors pursuant to the authority granted in the Bylaws.
Any such suspension shali not affect such Member’s obligation to pay assessments coming due during the period of
such suspension and shall not affect the permanent charge and lien on the Member's Lot in favor of the Association.

 

Section 4,05 Meetings of the Membership. All matters concerning the meetings of Members of the Association,
including the time at which and the manner in which notice of any said meeting shall be given to Members, the quorum
required for the transaction of business at any meeting, and the vote required on any matter, shall be as specified in
this Declaration, or in the Articles of Incorporation or the Bylaws, or by law.

 

Section 4.06 Association Acts Through Its Board of Directors. Whenever approval of, or action or inaction by,
the Association is referred to or called for in this Declaration, such action, inaction or approval shall be by the Board
of Directors of the Association, unless it is specifically stated in this Declaration, the Articles of Incorporation or the
Bylaws with respect to such action, inaction or approval that the Members of the Association, or the Owners of Lots,
must vote. No member of the Board of Directors of the Association or any officer of the Association (including,
without limitation, any such individual who shall have been elected by a vote of the Class B Member) shall be
personally liable to any owner of any Lot for any mistake of judgment or for any other act or omission of any nature
whatsoever, and shail be liable to the Association only for any acts or omissions found by a court of competent
jurisdiction to constitute gross negligence, compensation for services beyond reimbursement for expenses, acting in
bad faith, obtaining an improper personal benefit in transaction involving the Association, liability from the operation

 
