B32308 - P785

of a motor vehicle, unlawful loans or distributions from the Association, or fraud against the Association.

Section 4.07 Professional Management. The Association may, but shall not be obligated to, obtain and pay for
the services of any Person or other entity to manage the affairs of the Association, or any part thereof, as the Board of
Directors deems to be in the best interests of the Association.

ARTICLEV ASSOCIATION PROPERTY -

Section 5.01 | Areas of Common Responsibility and Association Property. The Declarant shall have the right to
transfer and convey to the Association any portion of the Property. Ali portions of the Property which the Declarant
transfers to the Association shall thereafter constitute Areas of Common Responsibility. Said right may be exercised
by the Declarant any time, and from time to time, until five (5) years after the end of the Development Period.

 

The Association will govern use of the Areas of Common Responsibility and may promulgate rules and
Tegulations related to such use. The Declarant or the Association may authorize persons who are not Owners to use
the Areas of Common Responsibility or portions of the Areas of Common Responsibility.

The Areas of Common Responsibility shall be conveyed to the Association by special warranty deed free of
debt encumbrance, and subject to easements and encumbrances recorded with the Register of Deeds, irrespective of
whether the deed of conveyance shall make a specific reference to such rights and easements. AREAS OF COMMON
RESPONSIBILITY SHALL BE CONVEYED TO THE ASSOCIATION WITHOUT WARRANTY -“AS IS” AND
“WHERE IS”.

Section 5.02 Azeas_of Limited Common Responsibility. Certain portions of the Areas of Common
Responsibility may be designated as Areas of Limited Common Responsibility and reserved for the exclusive use of
primary benefit of Owners. By way of illustration and not limitation Areas of Limited Common Responsibility may
include patio areas, recreational facilities, landscaped areas, and other portions of the Area of Common Responsibility.
All costs associated with maintenance, repair, replacement, and insurance of Areas of Limited Common Responsibility

shall be an Association expense allocated, in any reasonable manner established by the Association, among the
Owners.

Areas of Limited Common Responsibility may be designated as such in the deed conveying such area to the
Association or on the Plat relating to such Areas of Common Responsibility; provided, however, any such assignment
shall not preclude Declarant from later assigning use of the same Areas of Limited Common Responsibility to
additional Lots, so long as Declarant has a right to subject additional property to this Declaration pursuant to ARTICLE
Il, and provided further that any assignment that would have a material adverse effect on Lots owned by a Builder or
Lots a Builder is under contract to purchase from Declarant will require the consent of such Builder, which consent
shall not be unreasonably conditioned, delayed or denied. :

After recording the initial deed conveying such area to the Association or the Plat relating to such Areas of
Common Responsibility, a portion of the Areas of Common Responsibility may be assigned as Areas of Limited
Common Responsibility and Areas of Limited Common Responsibility may be reassigned upon approval of the
Declarant during the Development Period and thereafter by the Board of Directors and the vote of Voting Members
representing a majority of the total votes in the Association. As long as Declarant owns any property subject to this
Declaration or which may become subject to this Declaration in accordance with ARTICLE I], any such assignment
or reassignment shall also require Declarant’s written consent.

. Section 5.03 Resource Conservation Areas. The Declarant or the Association may delineate portions of the Areas
of Common Responsibility as Resource Conservation Areas. Use of portions of the Areas of Common Responsibility
designated as Resource Conservation Areas will be limited or prohibited as provided in the delineation.

A failure of Declarant or the Association to designate a portion of the Areas of Common Responsibility as a
Resource Conservation Area will not relieve any Owner of the obligation to comply with al! laws, rules, and permits.

Section 5.04 Member’s Rights in Association Property. Every Owner of any Lot shall have a non-exclusive
right and easement of enjoyment and use in and to the Areas of Common Responsibility and such right and easement

 
