B32308 - P786

shall be appurtenant to, and shall pass with, the title to the Lot(s) owned by such Gwner. Such right and easement of
enjoyment and use are and shall be subject fo the limitations and easements which are described in this Section and to
the right of the Association to promulgate reasonable rules and regulations regarding the use of Areas of Common
Responsibility, and the right of the Association, to suspend the enjoyment rights of the owner of any Lot during any
period in which any assessment which is due to the Association from such Owner remains unpaid, and such period as
the Board of Directors may consider appropriate for any infraction of the terms of this Declaration or the Associations’
published rules and regulations. In addition, the Board of Directors may permit other persons who are not residents
of any Lots to use the Areas of Common Responsibility upon such terms and conditions, and for the payment of such
fees, as shall be determined by the Board of Directors.

Section 5.05 Condemnation. If any part of the Areas of Common Responsibility are either: (a) taken by any
authority having the power of condemnation or eminent domain, or (b) conveyed in lieu of and under threat of
condemnation by the Board acting on the written direction of at least eighty petcent (80%) of the Class A votes (and,
if during the Development Period, the written consent of Declarant), then the Association shall restore or Teplace the
improvements on the remaining land included in the Areas of Common Responsibility to the extent available unless,
within sixty (60) days after such taking, at least sixty-seven percent (67%) of the Class A votes (and Declarant, if
during the Development Period) otherwise agree. If the taking or conveyance does not involve any improvements on
the Areas of Common Responsibility, or if a decision is made not to repair or restore, or if net funds remain after any
such restoration or replacement is complete, then such award or net funds may be used by the Association for such
purposes as the Board shall determine.

Section 5.06 Damage or Destruction. If any improvements located on any Areas of Common Responsibility are
damaged or destroyed on account of the occurrence of any casualty, the Board of Directors shall proceed with the
filing and settlement of all claims arising under any policy of insurance maintained by the Association with respect to
such improvements and shall obtain reliable and detailed estimates of the cost of repair or reconstruction of the -
damaged or destroyed improvements.

Any such damage or destruction shall be repaired or reconstructed unless it shall be decided, within ninety
(90) days after the occurrence of casualty, by at least 67% of the Class A votes (and by Declarant, if during the
Development Period), not to repair or reconstruct such damage. If that it shall be decided not to repair or reconstruct
some damage or destruction, the proceeds of any insurance as may become payable to the Association ag a result of
such damage or destruction shall be retained by and for the benefit of the Association and placed in a capital
improvements account. This is a covenant for the benefit of Mortgagees and may be enforced by the Mortgagee of
any affected Lot. If the insurance proceeds are insufficient to cover the costs of repair or reconstruction, the Board of
Directors may, without a vote of the Class A Members, levy special assessments to cover the shortfall.

Section 5.07 Actions Requiring Owner Approval. Any conveyance or mortgaging of the Areas of Common
Responsibility will require the consent of at least eighty percent (86%) of the Class A votes held by Members other
than the Declarant and, if during the Development Period, the consent of Declarant. If HUD is insuring the Mortgage
on any Lot or the VA is guaranteeing the Mortgage on any Lot and if HUD or VA regulations require such approval,
then any conveyance or mortgaging of the Areas of Common Responsibility by the Association will Tequire the
consent of at least sixty-seven percent (67%) of the Class A votes held by members other than the Declarant and,
during the Development Period, the consent of Declarant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section,
however, the Association, acting through the Board of Directors may grant easements over the Areas of Common
Responsibility for installation and maintenance of utilities and drainage facilities, toads and pathways, and for other
purposes not inconsistent with the intended use of the Areas of Common Responsibility, without the approval of the
Membership.

Section 5.08 - No Partition. The Areas of Common Responsibility shall remain undivided and no Owner shail
bring any action for partition or division of the whole or any part thereof without the written consent of all Owners of
all portions of the Property and without the written consent of all holders of all mortgages encumbering any portion
of the Property.

Section 5,09 Taxes and Governmental Assessments. The Association shall pay when due, and in any case before
the accrual of penaities thereon, all taxes, assessments, license fees, permit fees and other charges imposed by any
governmental authority in connection with the Association’s ownership or operation of the Common Area. Provided,
however, that the Association may institute an appropriate legal proceeding for the purpose of contesting or objecting
to the amount or the validity of any such tax, assessment, fee, or charge by appropriate legal proceedings. If the

 

10
