B32308 - P788

amounts for payments, equal periodic payments and avoiding losses due to rounding. The Board of Directors shall
send a copy of the budget adopted as provided above, together with a written notice of the amount of the Annual
Assessment so determined for such fiscal year and the amount of such Annual Assessment which shall be levied
against each Lot, to the Owner of every Lot, prior to the commencement of the fiscal year during which such Annual
Assessment is to be paid. The amount of such Annual Assessment which shall be levied against each Lot shall be due
and payable to the Association in a single installment or in such multiple iastallments as the Board of Directors shall
determine and shall be paid to the Association when due without further notice.

Section 6.04 Special Assessments. If for any reason, including non-payment of any assessments to the
Association by the persons liable therefore, the budget adopted by the Board of Directors for any fiscal year shall
prove to be inadequate to defray the Annual Expenses for such fiscal year, or if the Board of Directors shall determine
that it is im the best interests of the Association to levy a special assessment to pay the costs of any capital
improvements or capital repairs, the Board of Directors shall have the authority to levy a special assessment against
the Lots and the Owners thereof to raise such needed funds. Any special assessment levied by the Board of Directors
pursuant to the provisions of this Section shall be payable at such times and such installments as the Board of Directors
shail determine. Each Improved Lot shall be liable for the payment of an equal share of every special assessment-
which shall be levied by the Association pursuant to the provisions of this Section. :

Section 6.05 Specific Assessments. The Board may levy specific assessments against individual Owners (i) for
the purpose of paying for the costs of any construction, reconstruction, repair or replacement of anything maintained
by the Association, which is occasioned by the act(s) of individual Owner(s), their family, pets or their invitees, and
not the result of ordinary wear and tear, (ii) for the payment of fines, penalties or other charges imposed against an
individual Owner relative to such Owner’s failure to comply with the terms and provisions of this Declaration, the
Bylaws, or any rules or regulations promulgated hereunder, or (iii) for any common expenses, other than expenses for
the maintenance of the Areas of Common Responsibility, which beneiit less than all of the Lots or which significantly
disproportionately benefit all Lots (which expenses may be specially assessed equitably among all of the Lots which
are benefited according to the benefit received), provided that in no event shall Declarant be obligated to pay any
specific assessment. Failure of the Board to exercise its authority under this Section shall not be grounds for any
action against the Association or the Board of Directors and shall not constitute a waiver of the Board’s right to
exercise its authority under this Section in the future with respect to any expenses.

Upon the establishment of a specific assessment under this Section, the Board shall send written
notice of the amount and due date of such specific assessment to the affected Owner(s) at least thirty (30) days prior
to the date such specific assessment is due.

Section 6.06 Working Capital Fund. At the time of closing of the initial sale of each Dwelling constructed on a
Lot a sum equal to no greater than a single Annual Assessment shall be collected from the purchaser of such Lot and
transferred to the Association as part of its working capital. The purpose of the working capital fund is to ensure that
the Association will have adequate cash available to meet its initial operating expenses or to acquire additional
equipment or services deemed by the Board of Directors to be necessary or desirable. Amounts paid to the Association
pursuant to this Section shall not be considered as an advance payment of any Tegular assessment.

Section 6.07 Neighborhood Assessments. The Board may specifically assess Owners of Lots within
Neighborhoods for Association expenses as follows: (a) expenses of the Association which benefit all of the Lots in
a Neighborhood but not the Lots in other Neighborhoods may be specifically assessed equitably among all of the Lots
in such Neighborhood according to the benefit received; and (b) expenses of the Association which benefit all Lots,
but which do not provide an equal benefit to all Lots, may be assessed equitably among all Lots according to the
benefit received.

 

Prior to the commencement of each fiscal year of the Association or at any time it deems best (said fiscal
year being specified in the Bylaws), the Board shall prepare a separate budget covering the estimated Neighborhood
expenses for the coming year. During the Development Period, the Board shall determine the level of services to be |
provided by the Association to each Neighborhood. After the expiration of the Development Period, any
Neighborhood may request that additional services or a higher lével of service be provided by the Association and,
upon approval of a majority of Owners within such Neighborhood, any additional costs shall be added to such budget.
Such budget may contain a contribution establishing a reserved fund for repair and replacement of capital items
maintained as a Neighborhood expense. Neighborhood expenses shall be allocated equally among ail Lots within the
Neighborhood benefited thereby and levied as a Neighborhood Assessment.

12
