B32308 - P789

The Board shall send a copy of the budget so adopted by it, together with a written notice of the amount of
the Neighborhood Assessment so determined for such fiscal year and the amount of such Neighborhood Assessment
which shall be levied against each Lot, to the Owner of every affected Lot prior to the commencement of the fiscal
year during which such Neighborhood Assessment is to be paid. The amount of such Neighborhood Assessment
which shall be levied against each Lot shall be due and payable to the Association in such installments ag the Board
shall determine and shall be paid to the Association when due without further notice.

Section 6.08 Effect of Non-Payment of Assessments; Remedies of the Association.

 

(a) Delinquency Date. Any assessments, regular, special or specific, which are not paid by the due date are
delinquent as of midnight of the due date.

{b) Automatic Remedies. Except to the extent otherwise expressly required by law or unless otherwise agreed
in writing by the Board of Directors, if any assessments are not paid by the due date, then:

@)

ii)

(iii)

late charges, interest from the due date, and all compliance costs (including reasonable
attorney's fees), will be added to and included in the amount of such assessment except as
otherwise expressly provided in the Association’s current Assessment Collection Policy as
provided in Section 6.13 hereof;

the Association may notify any credit bureau and/or any mortgagee or other lienholder with
respect to the applicable Lot as to any default, including delinquency in payment of
assessments and any other monetary arnounts due to the Association; and/or

the Association may exercise any other rights and remedies and institute and prosecute
such other proceedings as it deems necessary to collect all amounts due.

({c) Elective Remedies After Notice. If any assessments are not paid within thirty (30) days after the due date,
then the Association may elect to exercise any or all of the following remedies, in addition to and not in lieu
of the automatic remedies as above provided, and without prejudice to any other rights or remedies, provided
that notice and opportunity to be heard is first given:

@)

(i)

Acceleration of Assessments. The Association may accelerate, through the end of the year
in which notice of default and acceleration is given and for an additional six (6) month
period thereafter, ail regular assessments and all special’ assessments (including any
installment payments) due or to become due during the acceleration period; provided, the
maximum period of acceleration may not exceed twelve months after the first day of the
month following the month in which notice of default and acceleration is given. All such
accelerated assessments are deemed to be special assessments as to the applicable Lot and
Owner thereof.

Suspension of Services. To the fullest extent allowed by law, the Association may suspend
until all assessments (including all special assessments) are paid in full, all rights of the
delinquent Owner, the Owner's tenants, and the related parties of either, to {i) receive any
and all services provided by the Association to the applicable Lot and any improvements
thereon, and/or (ii) use, employ or receive the benefits of any Areas of Common
Responsibility, including all rights to use of any and all recreational facilities, if any.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Owner, Owner’s tenant, or any of their related parties
may be denied any rights of ingress, egress or regress to or from the Property.

(d) Action for Debt; Foreclosure, Including Expedited Foreclosure.

@

 

Each Owner, by acquisition of any Lot within the Property or any right, title or interest
therein, expressly grants to and vests in the Association: (x) the right and power to bring
all actions against each Owner, personally for the collection of all delinquent assessments

13
