B32308 - P795

damage to any Lot or Area of Common Responsibility, or any improvements thereon or to any Owners or occupants
thereof. In the case of an emergency the Board or ARC may proceed immediately with any Required Work as either
deems necessary to abate the emergency, but will thereafter proceed as aforesaid.

All costs and expenses of conducting a Compliance Inspection as to which a violation is determined
to exist and all costs and expenses of Required Work performed by the Board or ARC will be assessed against the
applicable Lot and the Owner thereof as a special assessment which must be paid within ten days after notice of same
is given to the applicable Owner. The good faith determination by the Board or ARC as to the need for a Compliance
Inspection and as to all aspects of Required Work is final and conclusive, and extends to any condition as to such Lot
or which adversely affects any other Lot or Area of Common Responsibility. The Association, the Board or ARC and
their related parties are not liable for trespass or any other tort or claim for damages in connection with any actions or
failure to act pursuance to this Section,

Section 7.05 Damage or Destruction.

(a) Required Repair; Permitted Removal. Whether or not insured, in the event of damage, casualty loss or other
destruction to all or any portion of a Dwelling, garage, building, structure or other improvement (a “Damaged
Improvement”), any Damaged Improvement must be repaired, reconstructed or replaced in its entirety, or it
must be demolished and removed as hereafter provided.

 

 

(b) Manner of Repair or Removal. All repair, reconstruction or replacement of any Damaged Improvement must
be performed in such manner as to restore the Damaged Lmprovement to substantially the same exterior
dimensions and appearance (including as to color, type and quality of materials and as to architectural style
and details) as, and must be located in substantially the same location as, when the Damaged Improvement
was originally constructed, or to such other appearance and condition as approved by the ARC. If the
Damaged Improvement is not repaired, reconstructed or replaced as aforesaid, then the Damaged
Improvement must be removed in its entirety from the Lot, including temoval of any foundation, and all
other restoration work performed, including grading and sodding, as is required such that after demolition
and removal Architectural Guidelines are maintained as determined by the ARC.

(c) Time Limits. All work regarding a Damaged Improvement must be completed within sixty (60) days after
the date of occurrence of the damage, casualty loss or other destruction; or, where such work cannot be
completed within the applicable period of time, the work must be commenced within such period and
completed within a reasonable time thereafter. In all events, all such work must be completed within ninety
(90) days after the date of occurrence of the damage, casualty loss or other destruction unless, for good cause
shown, a longer period is approved by the ARC.

D

ARTICLE VIIT ARCHITECTURAL CONTROL
Section 8,01 Architectural Control.

(a) No exterior construction, alteration or addition of any nature whatsoever (including but not limited to a
building, outbuilding, driveway, walkway, fence, wall, garage, patio, carport, playhouse, play set, swing set,
trampoline, swimming pool or other structure, staking, clearing, excavation, ditching, grading, filling,
change in color or type of any existing improvement, planting or removal of landscaping materials, exterior
lighting, placement or installation of statuary, flags, fountains and similar items, improvements or
modifications to the roof, material, color, paint stain or varnish, or the interior porches, patios or similar
portions of a structure which are visible from outside the Lot), shall be commenced, placed or maintained
upon any portion of the Property until complete and final plans and specifications setting forth the
information hereinafter described shall have been submitted to, and approved in writing by, the Architectural
Review Committee (the “ARC”) as to the harmony of the exterior design and general quality with the existing
standards, and as fo location in relation to surrounding structures and topography. The ARC is authorized to
adopt procedures regarding applications for design approvals and the procedure it uses for processing
applications (the “Architectural Guidelines”).

The owner of each Lot shall mclude with each application for approval such information, plans and
documents as the ARC may reasonably request and shall include the name of the contractor a statement as to

19
