B32308 - P797

or removal performed by the Declarant upon any property while such property is owned by the Declarant shail be
exempt from the provisions of this Section.

Section 8.04 Architectural Review Committee. Responsibility for the review of all applications under this
ARTICLE VIII shall be vested in the ARC, the members of which need not be Owners, Members of the Association
or representatives of Owners or Members, and may, but need not, include architects, landscape architects, engineers
or similar professionals, whose compensation, if any, shall be established from time’ to time by the Association. The
ARC may establish and charge reasonable fees for review of applications hereunder and may require such fees to be
paid in full prior to review of any application. Such fees may include the reasonable costs incurred by the ARC in
having any application reviewed by architects, engineers or other professionals.

 

The ARC shall have exclusive jurisdiction over al] construction, alterations or additions on any
portion of the Property. Until one hundred percent (100%) of the Lots are Improved Lots, the Declarant retains the
right to appoint all members of the ARC, who shall serve at the Declarant’s discretion. There shall be no surrender
of this right prior to that time except in a written instrument in recordable form executed by Declarant. Upon the

expiration or surrender of such right, the Board shall appoint the members of the ARC, who shall thereafter serve and
may be removed in the Board’s discretion.

ARC approval of proposals, plans and specifications, or drawings for any work done or proposed,
or in connection with any other matter requiring approval, shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of the right to

withhold approval as to any similar proposals, plans and specifications, drawings, or other matters subsequently or
additionally submitted for approval.

Section 8.05 Delegation. The ARC, with the approval of the Board, may delegate its responsibilities in defined
categories of review (such as, but not limited to, changes during construction to previously approved plans) to a
subcommittee, designated ARC member or staff member, and may create from among its staff and/or members
subcommittees to perform certain or all of its review tasks, and may also employ professional assistance in carrying
out its duties and responsibilities. No delegation of the ARC’s responsibilities will prevent the ARC from reviewing
and overturning the decision of the person or entity to which such authority was delegated. The ARC or the Board
may revoke, at any time, any delegation of the ARC's responsibilities.

Section 8.06 Limitation of Liability. The standards and procedures established pursuant to this Article VIII are
intended to provide a mechanism for maintaining and enhancing the overall aesthetics of the Property only and shall
not impose on Declarant, the Association or the ARC any duty to any Person. Neither Declarant, the Association, nor
the ARC, shall bear any responsibility for ensuring the structural integrity or soundness of approved construction or
modifications, the adequacy of soils or drainage, or for ensuring compliance with building codes and other
requirements or regulations of the Governmental Authorities. IN ALL CASES THE OWNER IS RESPONSIBLE
FOR ENSURING COMPLIANCE WITH BUILDING CODES AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS
AND FOR ENSURING THE STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY OR SOUNDNESS OF PROPOSED CONSTRUCTION
OR MODIFICATIONS, THE ADEQUACY OF SOILS OR DRAINAGE. Neither Declarant, the Association, the
ARC, nor any member of any of the foregoing, shall be held liable for any injury, damages, or loss arising out of the
manner or quality of approved construction on or modifications to any Lot. In all matters, the ARC and its members
shall be defended and indemnified by the Association as provided in this Declaration and the Articles of Incorporation
and Bylaws of the Association.

ARTICLE IX INSURANCE

Section 9.01 Association Insurance. The Association shall obtain and maintain commercial general liability
insurance of at least One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00), and, if reasonably available, directors’ and
officers’ liability insurance. Policies may contain a reasonable deductible as determined by the Board of Directors.
In addition, the Board of Directors shall obtain worker’s compensation insurance, if and to the extent necessary to
satisfy the requirements of applicable laws, and a fidelity bond or bonds on all persons handling or responsible for the
Association’s funds, if reasonably available. If obtained, the amount of fidelity coverage shall at least equal three
months’ total assessments plus reserves on hand. Fidelity coverage shall contain a waiver of all defenses based upon
the exclusion of persons serving without compensation. All such insurance coverage shall be written in the name of

21
