B32308 - P799

Nothing contained herein requires the Association to make a claim under the insurance policies upon
the occurrence of an insured event. The Association has the right to exercise reasonable business judgment in all
insurance decisions.

ARTICLE X MORTGAGEE PROVISIONS,

Section 10.01 Notice of Action. An institutional holder, insurer, or guarantor of a first Mortgage, who provides a
written request to the Association (such request to state the name and address of such holder, insurer, or guarantor and
the Lot number, therefore becoming an “Eligible Holder”), will be entitled to timely written notice of: (a) any
condemnation loss of any casualty loss which affects a material portion of the Property or which affects any Lot on
which there is a first Mortgage held, insured, or guaranteed by such eligible holder; (b) any delinquency in the payment
of assessments or charges owed by an Owner of a Lot subject to the Mortgage of such eligible holder where such
delinquency has continued for a period of sixty (60) days; (c) any default in the performance by the Owner of such
encumbered Lot of any obligation under the Declaration or Bylaws of the Association which is not cured within sixty
(60) days; and (d) any lapse, cancellation, or material modification of any insuzance policy maintained by the
Association.

Section 10.02 Audit. Upon written request of an Eligible Holder and upon payment of all necessary costs, such
Eligible Holder shall be entitled to receive a copy of audited financial statements of the Association within ninety (90)
days of the date of the request.

Section 10.03 No Priority. No provision of this Declaration or the Bylaws gives any Owner or other party priority
over any rights of a Mortgagee of any Lot in the case of distribution to such Owner of insurance proceeds or
condemnation awards for losses to or taking of the Areas of Common Responsibility.

Section 10.04 | HUD/VA Approval. As long as the Declarant has the right to appoint and remove the officers and/or
directors of the Association, so long as the project is approved by HUD for insuring or the U.S. VA for guaranteeing
any Mortgage, and if required by HUD or VA regulations, then the following actions will require the prior approval
of HUD and/or the VA as applicable: annexation of additional property; dedication of Areas of Common
Responsibility to any public entity; merger, consolidation or dissolution of the Association; and material amendment
of the Declaration, Bylaws, or Articles of Incorporation.

Section 10.05 Failure of Mortgagee to Respond. Any Mortgagee who receives a written request from the Board
to respond to or consent to any action shall be deemed to have approved such action if the Association does not receive

a written response from the Mortgagee within thirty (30) days of the date of the Association’s request, provided such
tequest is delivered to the Mortgagee by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.

ARTICLE XI RESTRICTIONS,

To provide for the maximum enjoyment of the Lots by all of the residents thereof and to provide protection for
the value of the same, the use of the Lots shall be restricted to, and shall be only in accordance with, the applicable
zoning ordinances with respect to the Property and the following provisions:

Section 11.01 Residential Use. All of the Lots shall be restricted exclusively to single-family residential use. The
term “single-family” shall include one or more related or unrelated aduits, as well as the children of any such adults,
No Lot shall at any time be used for any commercial, business or professional purpose.

No Owner may rent or lease a Lot without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors and in no event
may greater than twenty percent (20%) of the Lots be rented. No Owner shall rent ot lease less than an entire Lot,
and no Lot shall be leased or rented for hotel or transient purposes, and no rental agreement or lease shall be made for
a period of less than twelve (12) months. Subject to the foregoing restrictions, Owners shail have the right to rent or
lease their Lots, provided that any lease or rental agreement between an Owner and a tenant shall be in writing and
shall provide that it is in all respects subject to the provisions of this Declaration and the Bylaws, and any failure by
the tenant to comply with such provisions shall be a default under the rental agreement or lease. However, the failure
of any rental agreement or lease to so provide shall not excuse any person from complying with the provisions of this

23
