B32308 - P800

Declaration and the Bylaws.

In the event an owner shall rent or lease their Lot, such Owner shall immediately give written notice to the
Association including:

{a) The name of the tenant and the lot rented or leased;
{b) The current address of Owner;
(c) A true and complete copy of the rental agreement or lease; and

(4) Written certification by ‘the Owner that the tenant has been given a copy of this Declaration, any applicable
amendments, the Bylaws, and any rules or regulations adepted by the Association.

In no event shall any rental agreement or lease relieve or release any Owner from the obligation to pay
Assessments, Annual, Special, Specific, Neighborhood, or otherwise, to the Association, regardless of whether the
obligation to pay Assessments has been assumed by the tenant in such rental agreement or lease,

Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, nothing set forth in this Section shall prohibit: (a) Declarant or a
Builder authorized by Declarant from conducting such sales, leasing and promotional activities on any Lot as
Declarant shall determine; or (b) the Owner of any Lot from using a portion of a building located on such Lot as an
office, provided that such use does not create regular customer, client or employee traffic to and from such Lot and
no sign, logo, symbol or nameplate identifying such business is displayed anywhere on such Lot,

Section 11.02 Prohibited Activities. No noxious, offensive, unsightly or unkempt activity shall be conducted on
any Lot. Each Owner of any Lot, his family, tenants, guests and invitees, shall refrain from any act or use of his
property which could reasonably cause embarrassment, discomfort, annoyance or nuisance to any other resident or
residents of any other Lot. Storage or placement of furniture, potted plants, fixtures, appliances, machinery, bicycles,
towels, clotheslines, equipment or other goods or chattels on any portion of a Lot which is visible from outside of the
Lot (including but not limited to Stoops, Driveways, garages, Decks, and Patio Areas) is prohibited except as
specifically permitted in this Declaration. No nuisance shall be permitted to exist upon any Lot, Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, no exterior speakers, horns, whistles, bells, or other sound devices, except security devices
used exclusively for security purposes, shall be located, used or placed on any Lot, or any portion thereof.

Section 11.03. Play Equipment. Recreational and playground equipment shall not be placed on the front or side
yard of any Lot. Recreational and playground equipment may be placed in the rear of Lot, provided that the equipment
is placed fifteen (15) feet or more from the rear of the Lot and ten (10) feet or more from either side of the Lot, and
provided further that Recreational and playground equipment may be placed on a Lot which is adjacent to the Areas
of Common Responsibility only with the prior written consent of the ARC. Materials, colors and other specifications
shall be as provided and otherwise approved by the ARC.

Section 11.04 | Swimming Pools. No swimming pool shall be constructed, erected or maintained without prior
approval of the ARC. In no event shall above ground swimming pools or spas be allowed on any Lot.

Section 11.05 Animals. No Owner may keep any more than two pets on any portion of the Property. Only fully
domesticated breeds of dogs and cats are permitted. No Owner or occupant may keep, breed or maintain any pet for
any commercial purpose. No Owner or occupant may keep or maintain a dog whose persistent barking causes
annoyance or nuisance to any other resident of any other Lot. No animals shall be left unattended while outside.
Animals must be kept on a leash and be under the physical control of a responsible person at all times while outdoors.
Any feces left upon the Areas of Common Responsibility by an animal must be removed by the owner of the animal
or the person responsible for the animal.

No animal determined to be dangerous, in the Board of Directors' sole and absolute discretion, may
be brought onto or kept on the Property at any time. The Board of Directors may have removed by the local authorities,
without notice to the animal's owner, any animal that presents an immediate danger to the health, safety or property
of any person.

24
