B32308 - P802

protrudes through any exterior wall of such building.

Section 11.13 Window Treatments. Except as may be otherwise approved in accordance with the Architectural
Control provisions contained in ARTICLE VIL, all window treatments visible from the outside of a Lot shall be white
or off-white in color, No bed sheets, newspaper, tin foil, or similar materials may be used as window treatments.

Section 11.14 No Subdivision of Lots or Timesharing. No Lot may be further subdivided into any smaller Lot.
No Lot shail be made subject to any type of timesharing, fraction-sharing or similar program whereby the exclusive
use of the Lot rotates among members of the program on a fixed or floating time schedule over a period of years.

 

Section 11.15 | No Combination of Lots. Contiguous Lots may not be combined together without prior written
consent of the Board of Directors. In the event that the Board of Directors does approve such a combination, such
combination shall thereafter be deemed to be a single Lot for all purposes of this Declaration, except that
notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount of assessments for which such single Lot shall be thereafter liable shall be

equal to the total assessments for which all of the Lots which were so combined would have been liable had such
combination not taken place.

Section 11.16 Decks, Patio Areas, Stoops, Driveways and Sheds. Grills, patio furniture, potted plants and other
items are permitted on patio areas, subject to local ordinances and any rules promulgated by the Association with
respect thereto. Any items placed on front stoops and driveways must comply with any rules promulgated by the
Association with respect thereto. Detached storage buildings, sheds or animal pens are prohibited.

 

Section 11.17 _ Interpretation. In all cases, the covenants and restrictions herein contained shall be construed and
interpreted in a manner which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, will best effect the intent of the general pian
of development and maintenance herein set forth. Subject to the terms of this Section and the Board of Directors’
duty to exercise business judgment and reasonableness, the Board of Directors may modify, cancel, limit, create
exceptions to, or expand the restrictions contained herein and may create, modify and enforce reasonable rules
governing the use of the Property consistent with the law and with other provisions in this Declaration. The Board of
Directors shall send notice to all Owners concerning any new or amended restrictions or rules prior to the date that
such restrictions or rules go into effect. For this purpose, notice may be sent to each Owner by U.S. mail, hand

delivery, electronic telecommunication or publication in a community notice or newsletter delivered or mailed 1o each
Owner.

Section 11.18 | Removal of Trees. The City maintains requirements that currently affect the Property regarding
“tree coverage” or “tree protection”, as are set forth by City ordinance or City zoning code. All owners shall be
responsible for observing and complying with the applicable ordinances and requirements of the City concerning tree
removal and tree protection. Because the ordinances and requirements of the City may change from time to time, all

Owners should consult the City planning department or other applicable entity prior to the removal or disturbance of
any trees from or on their Lot. ‘

The Association shall keep and maintain any portion of the Open Space designated on a Final Plat
as a “Tree Coverage Area” in its natural and undisturbed state, and no Person shall remove any trees or other vegetation
within such area or take any other action that would disturb or alter the undisturbed condition or nature of such area,

except that the Association has the right to remove dead or diseased trees and to take other actions with the approval
of the City.

Section 11.19, Surface Water Management. No Owner or any other person shall do anything to adversely affect
the general surface water management and drainage of the Property, without the prior written approval of the City and
any other applicable controlling governmental authority, including, but not limited to, the excavation or filling in of
any Lot. Provided, however, the foregoing shall not be deemed to prohibit or restrict the initial construction of
Improvements upon a Lot or other portion of the Property by Declarant in accordance with permits issued by
controlling governmental authorities. In particular, no Owner shall install any landscaping or place any fill on the
Owner’s Lot which would adversely affect the drainage of any contiguous Lot. After initial construction by the
Declarant or a Builder, no Owner shall be permitted to reshape or alter the topographical features ot area within any
drainage easement, nor shall any Owner be permitted to install fences or other Improvements or structures within a
drainage easement, including the installation of landscaping, plants, trees or other vegetation, except for !ow growing
grass. The application of herbicide to the portions of the Property within any drainage easement is prohibited.

26
