B32308 - P805

by the preceding Section, the Person asserting or contemplating the assertion of claims (also referred to herein
as the “Claimant”) shall provide the Respondent with written notice of the Arbitral Dispute which notice
tust include the Claimant’s position with regard to facts, circumstances and law related to the issues to be
tesolved, together with all documents and evidence that supports such position, and after delivery of such
notice the parties shall meet in person and confer for the purpose of resolving a Arbitral Dispute by good
faith negotiation.

Section 14.02 Mediation. If the parties cannot resolve their Arbitral Dispute pursuant to the procedures described
in the preceding Section 14.01(b), as applicable, within such time period as may be agreed upon by such parties, the
Claimant shal} have thirty (30) days after the termination of negotiations within which to submit the Arbitral Dispute
to mediation pursuant to the mediation procedures in the North Carolina Rules Implementing Statewide Mediated
Settlement Conferences and Other Settlement Procedures in Superior Court Civil Actions or to any other rules upon
which the parties to the Arbitral Dispute may mutually agree. Persons other than the parties to the Arbitral Dispute
may attend mediation sessions only with the permission of all parties to the Dispute and the consent of the mediator.
Confidential information disclosed to a mediator by the parties to the Arbitral Dispute or by witnesses in the course
of the mediation shall be kept confidential. There shall be no stenographic record of the mediation process. The
expenses of witnesses for either side shall be paid by the party producing such witnesses. All other expenses of the
mediation, including, but not limited to, the fees and costs charged by the mediator and the expenses of any witnesses
or the cost of any proof of expert advice produced at the direct request of the mediator, shall be borne equally by the

parties to the Dispute unless agreed to otherwise. Each party to the Dispute shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and
costs in connection with such mediation.

Section 14.03 Final and Binding Arbitration. If the parties cannot resolve their Arbitral Dispute pursuant to the
procedures described in Section 14.01 above, the Claimant shall have ninety (90) days following termination of
mediation proceedings (as determined by the mediator) to submit the Arbitral Dispute to final and binding arbitration
in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association or the Construction
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, as determined applicable by the arbitrator, the American
Arbitration Association or as agreed upon by the parties, as such rules are modified or as otherwise provided in this
ARTICLE XIV. If the Claimant does not submit the Arbitral Dispute to arbitration within ninety (90) days after
termination of mediation proceedings, the Claimant shall be deemed to have waived any claims related to the Arbitral
Dispute and all other parties to the Axbitral Dispute shall be released and discharged from any and all liability to the
Claimant on account of such Arbitral Dispute; provided, nothing herein shall release or discharge such party or parties
from any liability to a person or entity not a party to the foregoing proceedings.

The existing parties to the Arbitral Dispute shall cooperate in good faith to ensure that all necessary
and appropriate parties are included in the arbitration proceeding. No Declarant shall be required to participate in the
arbitration proceeding if all parties against whom a Declarant would have necessary or permissive cross-claims or
counterclaims are not or cannot be joined in the arbitration proceedings. Subject to the limitations imposed in this
Section 14.03, the arbitrator shall have the authority to try all issues, whether of fact or law.

(a) Place. The arbitration proceedings shall be heard in the County wheze the Property is located.

(v) Commencement and Timing of Proceeding. Arbitration may not be commenced or prosecuted by or on
bebalf of the Association unless approved by at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the Lot Owners which
approval must be accompanied by the approval of a reasonable arbitration budget and the approval and
collection of a Special Assessment in an amount equal to the budget to be levied equally among the Lots and
collected before commencement of any action, The arbitrator shall determine whether the Association or a
Claimant acting on behalf of the Association has satisfied the requirements of this Subsection (b) before
commencing any arbitration and shall promptly commence the arbitration proceeding at the earliest
convenient date in light of all of the facts and circumstances and shall conduct the proceeding without undue
delay, and in no case greater than sixty (60) days from the date of the demand or if the requirement of this
Subsection (b) has not been met find for the Respondent on all claims.

 

(c) Discovery. The parties to the Dispute shall be entitled to limited discovery only, consisting of the exchange
between the parties of the following matters: (i) witness lists, (ii) expert witness designations; (iii) expert
witness reports; (iv) exhibits; (v) reports of testing or inspections of the property subject to the Arbitral
Dispute, including but not limited to, destructive or invasive testing; and (vi) trial briefs. The Respondent
shall also be entitled to conduct further tests and inspections as provided in Section 14.01(a) above. Any

29
