B32308 - P806

other discovery shall be permitted by the arbitrator upon a showing of good cause or based on the mutual
agreement of the parties to the Dispute. The arbitrator shall oversee discovery and may enforce all discovery
orders in the same manner as any trial court judge.

 

(4) Limitation on Remedies/Prohibition on the Award of Punitive Damages. Notwithstanding contrary
provisions of the Commercial Arbitration Rules, the arbitrator in any proceeding shall not have the power to
award punitive, consequential or statutory damages (all such damages being herby waived by ail Owners,
Builders and the Declarant); however, the arbitrator shall have the power to grant all other legal and equitable
remedies and award compensatory damages. The arbitrator’s award may be enforced as provided for under
North Carolina Law, or such similar law governing enforcement of awards in a trial court as is applicable in
the jurisdiction in which the arbitration is held.

(e) Motions. The arbitrator shall have the power to hear and dispose or motions, including motions to dismiss,
motions for judgment on the pleadings, and summary judgment motions, in the same manner as a trial court
judge, except the arbitrator shall also have the power to adjudicate summary issues of fact or law including

the availability of remedies, whether or not the issue adjudicated could dispose of an entire cause of action
or defense.

(f) Expenses of Arbitration. Each party to the arbitration shall bear all of its own costs incurred prior to and
during the arbitration proceedings, including the fees and costs of its attorneys or other representatives,
discovery costs, and expenses of witnesses produced by such party. Each party to the Dispute shall share
equally all charges rendered by the arbitrator unless otherwise agreed to by the parties. As an express
limitation to the foregoing, the arbitrator’s award shall include the costs and expenses, including attorneys’
fees, incurred by the party the arbitrator determines to have prevailed.

(g) Enforcement of Resolution. If the parties to a Arbitral Dispute resolve such Arbitral Dispute through
negotiation or mediation in accordance with Section 14.01 or Section 14.02 above, and any party thereafter
fails to abide by the terms of such negotiation or mediation, or if an arbitration award is made in accordance
with Subsection (d) and any party to the Arbitral Dispute thereafter fails to comply with such resolution ot
award, then the other party to the Arbitral Dispute may file suit or initiate administrative proceedings to
enforce the terms of such negotiation, mediation, or award without the need to again comply with the
procedures set forth in this Subsection (g). In such event, the party taking action to enforce the terms of the
negotiation, mediation, or the award shall be entitled to recover from the non-complying party (or if more
than one non-complying party, from all such parties pro rata), all costs incurred to enforce the terms of the
negotiation, mediation or award including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and court costs.

Section 14.04 Amendment. This Article XIV shall not be amended unless such amendment is approved by
Declarant, the Builders, and at least eighty percent (80%) of the percentage of votes of the Association.

ARTICLE XV DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES

Section 15.01 Development Activities. Declarant, any authorized builder, and the contractors, sub-contractors,
suppliers, vendors, sales agents, realtors and all other related personnel of Declarant or an authorized builder (all such
Persons sometime herein referred to as “Development Personnel”) have the right to transact any business and conduct
any activities reasonably necessary for all construction within, and all development of, the Property, and for the sale
or rental of Lots and single family residences and any other improvements to be constructed within the Property (all
such construction, development, sales and all related business and activities herein referred to as “Development
Activities”), including without limitation as set forth in this Section 15.01.

Section 15.02 Marketing. Declarant (and any authorized builder), have the right to maintain models, to have,
place and maintain sales and promotional signs, flags, banners and similar promotional devices within the Properties,
to conduct from time to time an “open house” and similar events for realtors and other persons which may include
without limitation leaving limited access gates (if any) open as hereafter provided, and to use for development, sales
and/or promotional purposes all or any part of any Lot, including residence or other improvements located thereon,
which is owned by Declarant or an authorized builder.

30
