B32308 - P808

Activities, including limiting or denying access to areas of the Property, designating temporary dumping sites,
maintenance of metal buildings or structures and use of Areas of Common Responsibility and/or improvements
thereon in connection with its Developmental Activities.

Section 15.09 Time Period. Except as stated in Section 15.05 all provisions of this ARTICLE XV apply to each
Lot owned by Declarant or an authorized builder until completion of the initial sale of the last Lot in the Property,
whether or not completion of the initial sale occurs during or after the Development Period.

Section 15.10 Liability. ABSENT INTENTIONAL AND WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, DECLARANT, iTS
RELATED PARTIES, AND ALL OTHER DEVELOPMENT PERSONNEL {INCLUDING AS TO ANY
AUTHORIZED BUILDER) ARE NOT LIABLE TO ANY OWNER OR TENANT, OR TC THE ASSOCIATION
OR ACC, OR TO ANY RELATED PARTIES OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON
FOR ANY CONSEQUENCES OF THE REASONABLE CONDUCTING OF ANY DEVELOPMENT
ACTIVITIES.

ARTICLE XVI_ MISCELLANEOUS

Section 16.01 Failure of Enforcement. In the event that the Association shall fail to enforce the compliance with
any of the provisions of this Declaration by the Owner of any Lot, then the Owner of any other Lot shall have the right
to file an action in the Superior Court of the county where the Property is located for an order from such Court Tequiring
that the Association enforce such compliance; provided, however, in no event shall the Board of Directors, or any
officer of the Association, or any of their agents, be personally liable to anyone on account of their failure to enforce
any of the terms, provisions or restrictions set forth in this Declaration.

Section 16.02 No Waivers. In no event shall the failure by the Association to insist in any one or more cases upon
the strict performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, provisions ot agreements set forth in this Declaration
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of the future enforcement of any such term, covenant, condition, provision,
or agreement. The acceptance of performance of anything required to be performed with knowledge of the breach of
a term, covenant, condition, provision or agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach, and no waiver by
the Association of any term, covenant, condition, provision or agreement shall be deemed to have been made unless
expressed in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer of the Association.

Section 16.03 Duration. This Declaration, and all of the terms, easements, provisions, liens, charges, restrictions
and covenants set forth herein, shall run with the land and shall be binding on all parties and all persons claiming
under them for a period of twenty (20) years from and after the date this Declaration is recorded, after which time
such covenants and restrictions shall be automatically extended for successive periods of twenty (20) years until the
recordation of an instrument of termination within two (2) years of the expiration of the initial twenty-year period or
any extension thereof, such instrument having been executed by a minimum of sixty-seven percent (67%) of the record
Owners of the Lots.

Section 16.04 Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be sent to any member of the Association pursuant to
any provision of this Declaration may be served by depositing such notice in the mail, postage prepaid, addressed to
the member or Owner to whom it is intended, at the address which such member shall have furnished to the Secretary
of the Association in accordance with the Bylaws, or, in the absence of any such address having been so furnished to
the Secretary of the Association, at the address of the Lot owned by such member. The date of service shall be the
date of mailing. The address of Declarant or the Association shall be the address of its respective registered agent on
file with the Secretary of State of North Carolina. The date of service shall be the date shown on the return Teceipt.
Rejection or other refusal to accept shall be deemed to be receipt of the notice sent. °

Section 16.05 Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Declaration shall be interpreted in such
Tanner as to be effective and valid, but if any provision of this Declaration or the application thereof to any person or
to any property shall be prohibited or held invalid, such prohibition or invalidity shall not affect any other provision
or the application of any provision which can be given effect without the invalid provision or application, and to this
end the provisions of this Declaration are declared to be severable.

Section 16.06 Successors to Declarant. In no event shail any person or other entity succeeding to the interest of

32
