B32308 - P780

“Supplemental Declaration” shail mean an instrument filed with the Register of Deeds which imposes
additional restrictions and/or obligations on the land described in such instrument.

“Townhome Lof” shall mean a Lot which is intended for development, use, and occupancy as a townhome
or a single-family attached residence, as shown on the Plat, but are distinguished ftom the Single Family Detached
Lots which may share a common Courtyard Area.

“Unimproved Loft” shall mean any Lot that is net an Improved Lot.

ARTICLE TI PROPERTY SUBMITTED TO THIS DECLARATION

Section 2.01 Lots Hereby Subjected to this Declaration. Declarant, for itself and its successors and assigns, does
hereby submit the Property and the Lots to this Declaration. The Property shall hereafter be held, transferred, soid,
conveyed, used, leased, occupied, mortgaged or otherwise encumbered subject to all of the terms, provisions, liens,
charges, easements, covenants and restrictions set forth in this Declaration, including, but not limited to, the lien
provisions set forth herein. All of the terms, provisions, liens, charges, easements, covenants and restrictions set forth
in this Declaration as applicable to the Lots shall be a permanent charge thereon, and shall run with the Lots.

 

Section 2,02 All Lots Bear the Burdens and Enjoy the Benefits of this Declaration. Every Owner, by taking
record title to a Lot, agrees to all of the terms and provisions of this Declaration. Each of the Lots is subject to all
burdens, and enjoys all benefits, made applicable hereunder.

 

Section 2.03 Annexation of Additional Property. Declarant may, at any time, and from time to time, until five
(5) years after the end of the Development Period, subject all or part of the Additional Property to the terms, provisions,
liens, charges, easements, covenants and restrictions of this Declaration by executing and recording with the Register
of Deeds an amendment to this Declaration describing the property being annexed.

 

From and after such recording, the annexed property shall be held, transferred, sold, conveyed, used, leased,
occupied, mortgaged or otherwise encumbered subject to all of the terms, provisions, liens, chatges, easements,
covenants and restrictions of this Declaration, including, without limitation, all lien and assessment provisions set
forth in this Declaration, and all of the terms, provisions, liens, charges, easements, covenants and restrictions set forth
in this Declaration shall be a permanent charge on, and shall run with, such annexed property.

In addition to the controls, covenants, conditions, restrictions, easements, development guidelines, charges
and liens set forth in this Declaration, Declarant shail further have the right at its election, without the consent of any
Owner or Owners, to subject any such annexed property to additional controls, covenants, conditions, restrictions,
easements, development guidelines, charges and liens by filing a Supplemental Declaration with the Register of Deeds
covering only such annexed property. The Association shall have the right and authority to enforce al! controls,
covenants, conditions, restrictions, easements, and developments contained in such additional declaration. Any such
Supplemental Declaration may supplement, create exceptions to, or otherwise modify the terms of this Declaration as
it applies to the annexed property in order to reflect the different character and intended use of such property.

No approval from any Member of the Association, or from anyone else whomsoever, shall be required for
Declarant to subject Additional Property to this Declaration. .

Section 2.04 Withdrawal of Property. Declarant reserves the right to amend this Declaration during the
Development Period for the purpose of removing any portion of the Property from the coverage of this Declaration,
provided such withdrawal is not contrary to the overall, uniform scheme of development for the Property and is not
contrary to the planned residential development requirements of the zoning ordinance in effect for the Property. This
provision includes Dectarant’s right to deed over property to any governmental entity as required or deemed necessary
in Decjarant’s discretion. Such amendment shall not require the consent of any Person other than the Owner of the
property to be withdrawn, if same is not Declarant.

Section 2.05 Other Acts of Declarant. Declarant reserves the right to amend this Declaration during the
Development Period to merge the Association into other homeowners' or community associations and to combine this
Declaration with the declaration of such association.
